Car accident you
That's not possible.
We obviously jumped off the stairs together
Oops, why are you talking nonsense?
You can't have a concussion, can you?
Happy, I'll go get the doctor over now.
And so forth.
elder sister
It's me. We're back.
Sorry, sorry, sorry, I was wrong.
I don't know why I did it.
Since
Now that we're all back, can you forgive me?
I was wrong, sorry.
I want you to promise me
Never fall in love with a boyfriend
Seeing two men competing for you
What do I do?
Vicious vicious
Song Qianqian, you actually call me vicious
If it weren't for you
How did I end up in a place like this?
And you said Nanfeng that you would love me forever
Why is that?
Things never happen the way you say they will
You are not as good as me everywhere, why do you tell me?
Song Qianqian
It doesn't matter.
Since you want to kill me
Then you go to hell.
The day before I died because of you
If it weren't for a lifetime of sadness
It's impossible for you to live here
Not dead is just pretending to be something
Why do we
Never go back
Sister sister sister
elder sister
In this world, never leave, never part
I will never leave, hahaha.
You must pay more attention to rest after leaving the hospital.
Come regularly to compensate
Thank you doctor